---
date: 2016-11-01T00:00:00Z
description: "Eleventh month of year! What are my plans?"
title: "Goals: November 2016"
url: /2016/11/01/november-goals.html
---

Two more months and that's it! 2017 has been a great personal and professional experience so far. Let's see what I planned to accomplish in [October]({{< relref "2016-10-01-october-goals.markdown" >}}):

## Finish reading "Go Web Programming"

That was completed the [first week of October]({{< relref "2016-10-06-go-web-programming.markdown" >}}), great book, really well planned.

## Finish reading "Go in Practice"

I haven't finished this one yet, I'm so close to do it, the format is, not surprisingly, similar to [Docker in Practice]({{< relref "2016-09-19-docker-in-practice.markdown" >}}), it's filled with a lot of great tips and suggestion, I'll blog about it as soon as I finish it.

## Finish reading "Go Programming Blueprints"

I got this book last year and sadly I haven't started reading it yet, I did browse some pages though. It is the last physical Go book missing to be read, it should be completed this month, no doubt about it.

## Hack more "Dynamic Docker Composer"

The bad news is that I haven't written a line of code since last time, the good news is that we will be implementing (**finally**) the Docker Container Workflow at work, it only took about a year to accomplish all of this, kind of disappointing but what I do?

### What am I planning for November?

Obviously finish **Go in Practice**, finish **Go Programming Blueprints**, hack some **Dynamic Docker Composer** and some **Gitlab API integration** and hopefully at work start replacing the previous Ruby-based webservices with Go-based ones, because the truth is that we are hitting the ceiling with what we have.
