---
date: 2016-09-01T00:00:00Z
description: Ninth month of year begins today. What are my plans?
title: 'Goals: September 2016'
url: /2016/09/01/_sept-2016.html
---

Summer is, sort of, officially finished. Today we start the ninth month of the year. In three months from now 2016 will be no more. Time does fly really fast.

{{< tweet 771407620838133760 >}}

Let's go back and take a look at what I planned:

### Complete reading "Go Web Programming"

The truth is that I got sidetracked reading [Docker in Action](https://www.manning.com/books/docker-in-action), which actually I finished reading today, great book by the way, I do plan finish reading **Go Web Programming** this month, that's for sure!

### Complete reading "Go in Action"

As I mentioned during the [August post]({{< relref "2016-08-01-august-goals.markdown" >}}), I was super close to finish reading it, and of course [I did]({{< relref "2016-07-15-go-in-action.markdown" >}}). Surprisingly last month I had two Go-related good news. First I got the [Go in Practice](https://www.manning.com/books/go-in-practice) book in the mail:

{{< tweet 768618956080844801 >}}

Making it my fifth physical Go book, and third one published by Manning; the second good news is that I finally have a job project using Go, **finally!**, so that's phenomenal news for me.

### Complete reading "Amazon Web Services in Action"

This [was also completed]({{< relref "2016-08-02-amazon-web-services-in-action.markdown" >}})

### Have Dynamic Docker Composer "ready"

Obviously a really aggressive goal but I did manage to push some code [to github](https://github.com/MarioCarrion/dynamic-docker-composer), I had the chance to think about the overall architecture and I progressed a little bit, not as much as I expected but still something, this month is all about keeping the ball rolling.

### What am I planning for September?

Again read at least two books, Docker in Action does not count, and hack more Dynamic Docker Composer, hopefully I can integrate it with Gitlab and blog about it.

Only time will tell.
