---
date: 2017-12-02
title: "Goals: December 2017"
description: "Last month of the year and this project"
url: /2017/12/01/december-2017-goals.html
---

This is it, this is the last _report_ of this 3 year (unintentional) project.

What happened last month?

I feel like November 2017 was the worst month so far during this _project_; that is strange because I did complete the two goals I planned: reading both _Mastering Kubernetes_ and _Bigger Leaner Stronger_, however it still _feels_ kind of weird, it's that strange feeling of not accomplishing anything personally, anything fulfilling, really weird.

I won't be doing these _monthly reports_ next year, December 2017 is the last month of this project. Privately I will plan my goals for the next month but I won't make those _public_.

The year (and this project) is not over but so far I can say it has been great, it's so refreshing to go back and work on your personal development, learn because you want to learn and really focus on your career, the things you want to achieve and realize the progress (big or small) it's there and you feel you're getting better. It's like high school and college all over again. **Refreshing**.

It is strange as well because the books and content I've been reading so far has been really relevant to my personal and professional life, it must be _coincidence_.

Either way I want to close the year with a bang, I know I will be having a lot of downtime but I'm sure something awesome can be accomplished.

And I will accomplish something awesome.
