---
date: 2018-07-01
title: "Finished Reading: The 80/20 Principle"
description: "How good or bad is this book?"
url: /2018/07/01/the-80-20-principle.html
---

{{< tweet 1011741800539750400 >}}


I've been curious about this principle and book since I heard about it for the first time. I wasn't expected the, mostly, financial content of the book which makes sense after you complete it, but it does drag a bit in the beginning.

This principle is clearly best explained with money, and Mr Koch does a great work doing so in the introductory chapters, however he also describes it using other examples like time management and relationships, personal and professional. 

[The 80/20 Principle](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B000SEGG5G/) is a book published by Currency and written by Richard Koch. I read the most recent edition that includes a few extra chapters. 

From my highlighted notes here are my takeaways:

* Who you work for is more important than what you do.
* Conventional wisdom say _don't put all your eggs in one basket_. 80/20 is _Carefully choose a basket, put all the eggs in it and watch it ferociously_.
* Remove steps in your business if either is true: it adds no value or provides no necessary support.
* Identify your islands: Happiness and Achievements. Strive to spend more time on nurturing them.
* Two top 10 lists: 
  * _The Top 10 low-value uses of time_, specially **Answering the telephone**
  * _The Top 10 high-value uses of time_

Finally, two quotes:

> We should accept what we cannot control with grace and maturity and get on with molding what we can control.

and

> Join a company with fewer than a hundred employees increasing revenues by at least 30 percent a year—ideally fewer than twenty employees and at least doubling each year.

**The 80/20 Principle** could be dry read in the initial chapters if you're not into finances but after finishing those, things get a bit more practical with the common _down to earth_ examples. 
